README.md, before:

<img align="right" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/udu3324/Typsnd/master/public/img/favicon.png?raw=true" height="200" width="200">

<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/udu3324/Typsnd">

<img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/udu3324/Typsnd">

<img alt="GitHub code size in bytes" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/udu3324/Typsnd">

# Typsnd
Typsnd. Type, send. It's as simple as that. Typsnd is a simple web app that people can chat and send images into. It is based on [Express.JS](https://expressjs.com/), [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/), and [Socket.io.JS](https://socket.io/). (note: typsnd preforms poorly on small screens)
   
**Features**   
 - Commands (tictactoe and connect4)
 - Moderation (ban, kick, alert to all)
 - Tabs (easy to access button links)
 - Direct Messaging
 - Mentioning
 - Typing Indicator
 - Chat Cooldown
 - XSS Detection (disabled for admins)
 - And more!

## Sample Server
You can try out Typsnd using this link: [https://Typsnd.potatochips3.repl.co](https://Typsnd.potatochips3.repl.co)

## What it Looks Like
![1](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/956773599644090379/989685655225397348/unknown.png)
![2](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/956773599644090379/989687528045019166/unknown.png)
![3](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/956773599644090379/989687994812366899/unknown.png)

## Installation and Running
Make sure you have [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) installed. The version of Node I've tested it on was v14.15.4. 
Clone the repo and run `npm install` to install all dependencies. 
`npm run dev` will run Typsnd in development mode (nodemon) and
`npm start` will run Typsnd normally

## Config.js
Optionally, there are variables you can add and modify. 
```javascript
// Server / Moderation Config
var serverPort = 3000;
var adminIPs = ["localhost"];
var adminIcon = "<i class=\"fa-solid fa-shield\"></i> ";
var altDetection = true;
var blacklistedIPs = [];
var msgCooldown = "2";
// Filter is not case sensitive & doesn't apply to admins
var blacklistedUsernames = ["admin", "mod", "staff", "server", "typsnd", "code", "system"];

// Chat Addons / Functionality
var htmlTitle = "Typsnd";
var msgGreet = "";
var multipleRooms = true;
var tabs = [
  //example tabs
  [
    ["<i class=\"fa-brands fa-github\"></i> Github"],
    ["https://github.com/udu3324/Typsnd"]
  ],
  [
    ["<i class=\"fa-brands fa-youtube\"></i> Youtube"],
    ["https://youtube.com"]
  ]
];
```

Commit message:

Add README warning and format html

README.md, after:

<img align="right" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/udu3324/Typsnd/master/public/img/favicon.png?raw=true" height="200" width="200">

<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/udu3324/Typsnd">

<img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/udu3324/Typsnd">

<img alt="GitHub code size in bytes" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/udu3324/Typsnd">

# Typsnd
Typsnd. Type, send. It's as simple as that. Typsnd is a simple web app that people can chat and send images into. It is based on [Express.JS](https://expressjs.com/), [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/), and [Socket.io.JS](https://socket.io/). (note: typsnd preforms poorly on small screens)
   
**Features**   
 - Commands (tictactoe and connect4)
 - Moderation (ban, kick, alert to all)
 - Tabs (easy to access button links)
 - Direct Messaging
 - Mentioning
 - Typing Indicator
 - Chat Cooldown
 - XSS Detection (disabled for admins)
 - And more!

## Sample Server
You can try out Typsnd using this link: [https://Typsnd.potatochips3.repl.co](https://Typsnd.potatochips3.repl.co)

## What it Looks Like
![1](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/956773599644090379/989685655225397348/unknown.png)
![2](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/956773599644090379/989687528045019166/unknown.png)
![3](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/956773599644090379/989687994812366899/unknown.png)

## Installation and Running
Make sure you have [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) installed. The version of Node I've tested it on was v14.15.4. 

Clone the repo and run `npm install` to install all dependencies. 

`npm run dev` will run Typsnd in development mode (nodemon) and `npm start` will run Typsnd normally

⚠ Warning for Production/Public Uses ⚠

⚠ Please combine chat.js with moderation.js to then [obfuscate](https://obfuscator.io/) them. This is to prevent code manipulation. ⚠

## Config.js
Optionally, there are variables you can add and modify. 
```javascript
// Server / Moderation Config
var serverPort = 3000;
var adminIPs = ["localhost"];
var adminIcon = "<i class=\"fa-solid fa-shield\"></i> ";
var altDetection = true;
var blacklistedIPs = [];
var msgCooldown = "2";
// Filter is not case sensitive & doesn't apply to admins
var blacklistedUsernames = ["admin", "mod", "staff", "server", "typsnd", "code", "system"];

// Chat Addons / Functionality
var htmlTitle = "Typsnd";
var msgGreet = "";
var multipleRooms = true;
var tabs = [
  //example tabs
  [
    ["<i class=\"fa-brands fa-github\"></i> Github"],
    ["https://github.com/udu3324/Typsnd"]
  ],
  [
    ["<i class=\"fa-brands fa-youtube\"></i> Youtube"],
    ["https://youtube.com"]
  ]
];
```
